Add example for dd_dogstatsd_tags (#3118)
DataDog/datadog-agent: Dockerfiles/agent/README.md

- `DD_HISTOGRAM_AGGREGATES`: histogram aggregates to compute, separated by spaces. The default is "max median avg count"
- `DD_DOGSTATSD_SOCKET`: path to the unix socket to listen to. Must be in a `rw` mounted volume.
- `DD_DOGSTATSD_ORIGIN_DETECTION`: enable container detection and tagging for unix socket metrics. Running in host PID mode (e.g. with --pid=host) is required.

> - `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAGS`: Attach an arbitrary list of tags to all custom metrics that pass through the agent, for example: `["env:golden", "group:retrievers"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DD_DOGSTATSD_TAGS`: Additional tags to append to all metrics, events and service checks received by this dogstatsd server, for example: `["env:golden", "group:retrievers"]`.
```
